[devtools] What's New in DevTools (Chrome 109) (#4842)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/blog/new-in-devtools-109/index.md

On top of that, DevTools now accepts only <kbd>Arrow Right</kbd> autocompletion at the end of line. For example, an autocomplete dialog shows when you are editing something in the middle of the code. When you press the <kbd>Arrow Right</kbd> key, most likely, you want to set the cursor to the next position instead of autocomplete. This UX change better aligns with your authoring workflow.

{# https://chromium.googlesource.com/devtools/devtools-frontend/+/686acb9789020a511405a53a13ad754a7e928c99 #}
{# https://chromium.googlesource.com/devtools/devtools-frontend/+/09c3ceaa1605b29d1074d0cf310958bdb823149d #}
{# https://chromium.googlesource.com/devtools/devtools-frontend/+/6468c740419d01d4e13c9ad914001959e78ca782 #}

Chromium issue: [1167965](https://crbug.com/1167965), [1172535](https://crbug.com/1172535),  [1371585](https://crbug.com/1371585). [1369503](https://crbug.com/1369503)

## Improved JavaScript debugging {: #debugging }

> These are some JavScript debugging improving in this release:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are some JavaScript debugging improvements in this release:
```
